- Previously on Tracker...
- How's Keaton doing?
Got some PI work
for him if he's interested.
My old partner on the force.
Nat Dobbs. I can't find him.
Detective Simms.
Any sign of Dobbs?
No. Looks like
this was someone's body dump.
You got any idea who's involved
in that body farm?
Yeah. Zhan Menassian.
What's that.
right there on the window?
- What is that? A reflection?
- You're kidding me. Emile Lang.
He's been off the map
for five years
after killing a cop
at the Vortex nightclub.
Then why the hell resurface now?
I got him. Dobbs!
It was Lang.
Was he here?
He took my boss out to the garage.
out in the back.
What did Lang want?
He kept asking where she was.
Someone called Cassie Lindstrom.
Keaton. Keaton.
Hey.
Lang's looking for
Cassie Lindst...
Keaton?
Okay.
Come on. buddy.
Here we go.
Come on!
Here you go. Okay.
Okay.
Damn.
I'll find something
to pack that wound.
Hold on. Be right back. okay?
One sec. Be right back.
There. All right.
Here you go. Here you go.
Pressure's good.
All right. pressure.
Hey. I'm gonna go
get us help. okay?
You hang on.
Be right back.
All right.
911. what's your emergency?
Hey. this is Colter Shaw.
I'd like to report an accident.
Location?
Briar Bridge Road.
Near the turnpike.
There's a man down.
He needs medical assistance.
- Do you know his name?
- John Keaton.
All right.
someone's on their way.
Hey.
Any word on Colter Shaw?
Turns out he's the one that
made the 911 call for Keaton
after the shoot-out
at the lake house.
- There's no sign of him.
- Damn it.
I told Keaton to stand down.
Stubborn bastard didn't listen.
I've got the FBI breathing down my neck
on this Menassian murder.
Did you find anything on
the victims at the lake house?
The accountant.
He was on Menassian's payroll.
This is all connected.
- What about the housekeeper?
- She's clean.
There's nothing on her.
How does Shaw fit into all this?
It could be he's working with Lang
and just got Keaton dragged into it.
We do have Shaw
at both crime scenes.
At the Menassian murder and now
the lake house shooting.
I give the FBI this information.
They're leaning that way too.
Copy that.
There's no hits on the APB.
but we've got units
and K-9s en route.
- Great. Let's gather up the press.
- Okay.
Is everything okay?
You gotta see this.
Last night. two individuals were killed
in a violent exchange of gunfire.
and we've identified two persons of interest.
Emile Lang and Colter Shaw.
With an assist from the FBI.
we are actively deploying
all resources in this manhunt.
Shaw and Lang should be considered
armed and dangerous.
We are asking the public
to please stay vigilant
and report any information
regarding their whereabouts
to the police immediately.
Thank you.
The hell is going on?
I have no idea. His phone
keeps going to voicemail.
Well. I haven't heard from him
since yesterday.
His cell service went offline
when he was up at the lake.
He was tracking Lang.
Something
must have gone sideways.
Colter?
It's not his number.
- Hello?
- Reenie.
Oh. Colter. thank God.
- What is going on?
- Keaton and I were ambushed.
- What? By who?
- Gotta be Lang.
You all right. bro?
I've been better.
I'm gonna flag somebody down.
Whoa. that's...
that's a bad idea.
The police are looking at you
for all of these murders. Colter.
Zhan Menassian.
two people at the lake house.
Two people?
What are you talking about?
An accountant
and his housekeeper.
Oh. no. she was alive
when I left the house.
Lang must... must have gone back
and killed the woman.
Tie up his loose ends.
Send him the video of Dobbs
killing Menassian with Lang.
- That'll clear me.
- Yeah. flag on that play. man.
I already tried to retrieve it.
Everything's been wiped.
I'm being set up.
Tell us where you are.
We'll come get you.
No. it's better you don't know.
And Reenie. don't get my brother involved
on this one.
I'll call you when I can.
Can you get a location on him?
I can try. but you know he's gonna
ditch his phones and go analog.
Maybe I'll get lucky
and there's some
game and wildlife surveillance
around the lake.
- Do whatever it takes.
- I got you.
- Reenie Greene?
- Yes?
We're looking for Colter Shaw.
He's not here
and this is private property.
And this is a warrant
to search it.
Okay.
This warrant
is restricted to files
and correspondence pertaining to Colter
as an employer of services.
- That's it.
- That's all we need.
All right. I will be observing
the execution of the warrant.
- That's your right.
- It sure is.
You can start in here.
- Colter?
- That bad. huh?
I'm gonna get you outta here.
Got us an Airbnb.
How'd you know I was nearby?
Still keeping tabs. I see.
Okay. this next part's
gonna hurt. Mr. No Anesthetic.
Yeah. just... just do it.
Okay. Okay. I got it.
Hey. look at me.
I'm looking at you.
Are you okay? I just pulled
a bullet out of your chest.
Thank you.
Police were scanning the crash area
looking for you. You said...
- You said you were being set up?
- Yeah.
- I don't know by who.
- It's okay.
We'll figure it out. I got you.
Got you a fresh change of clothes.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. hey.
You're not going anywhere.
Here. Sit.
- Sit.
- Yeah.
Thanks.
Keaton said that
Lang was after someone.
Cassie Lindstrom.
I got to get to her first.
You're in no shape to do that.
You don't know who she is.
where she could be.
There's an officer who was killed
at a nightclub nearby. same last name.
I figure maybe they're related.
Okay.
Can you look her up?
Please.
But first. you're gonna rest.
Drink this.
Okay. yeah. here we go.
There's
a Detective Jack Lindstrom.
He was shot and killed outside
Vortex nightclub five years ago.
Cassie's his wife.
That's Lang's target?
That's who he was looking for
at the lake house.
It says here she moved to a different town
after her husband was killed.
Lang probably already
would have been there.
As good a place as any to start looking.
Maybe we get lucky.
- Neighbors spotted you. We need to go.
- Yeah.
Listen...
I'm gonna go alone.
I need to get to Cassie. Clear my name.
Police. open the door.
Goddamn it. Okay.
All right.
Bag.
It's got cash. burner.
- Police. open the door.
- I owe you again.
This way.
What the hell are you doing?
Federal agents. unlock the door.
This is your last chance before
we break down the door and arrest you.
Sup? My bad. man.
I-I had my cans on.
I couldn't... Oh. yeah. okay.
Yeah. I couldn't...
What... Nice to meet you too.
- Are we done here?
- We are.
Did they get anything?
No. no. But. uh.
now I can't track Colter.
Whoa.
What happened here?
Oh. nothing much.
Just your usual morning FBI raid.
What?
We'll be fine.
Everything will be fine.
What were they looking for?
Colter.
But they're not going to find him.
Randy made sure of that.
I... I ran into
the accountant next door.
She said someone called their office
for you a few minutes ago.
said there was a problem with the phones
and to give you this number.
- Did the feds cut the phone lines?
- No.
It's got to be Colter.
He's telling us not to use
the office phones to call him
in case they tapped the lines.
I got you.
What are you doing?
Oh. you really made yourself
at home there. huh?
You're welcome.
Let me see that number.
- Reenie.
- Hey. you've got all of us.
- Everybody okay?
- Yeah. well.
I got a visit from the feds this morning.
but. uh. thanks to my dead man's switch.
pretty sure
everything got wiped.
- You got a backup?
- No. that defeats the point. bro.
If I go dark.
everything's got to vanish.
I can rebuild.
but it's gonna take a beat.
Okay.
Hear anything from Keaton?
Listen. there were some complications
and he's in surgery now.
All right. keep me posted.
will you?
I'm at Cassie Lindstrom's house
right now.
She put up a fight.
but she was definitely taken.
Randy. how long before
you can get me surveillance?
Just-Just give me a little bit
to get to a computer.
- Okay? I'll see what I can do.
- Yeah.
I already told you
I haven't seen him.
Then what are you doing in an Airbnb
in the same town as Colter Shaw?
Work.
Right. you two are running
that reward seeker hustle. right?
He's a competitor.
you might say.
Okay.
Well. your neighbor said she saw someone here
matching Colter's description. so...
I mean. it could have
been my takeout delivery.
I'm not big on restaurants.
Listen. I know
you know where he is.
And if you care about him.
it's better if he turns himself in.
because there are a lot of
people looking for him.
And if they find him.
there's no telling what they'll do.
Look. Detective.
I don't know anything.
Now. I got things to do.
So either you're charging me.
or you can see yourself out.
- Okay. I owe you big-time. yeah.
- No problem.
Just erase whatever you're doing.
so the boss doesn't find out.
Come on. man. You know it.
Like... Like I was never here.
Okay.
- Back online?
- Yeah. man. you know it.
Got a little skeleton setup.
but it's all good.
Mmm.
I don't think
anyone's been here for days.
They got dried blood.
moldy food.
And it looks like. uh. she was
sitting down to eat dinner.
Sending. answering emails.
One of them got interrupted.
- Five days ago.
- Before all this started then. right?
Yeah.
I'm gonna send you
some local Wi-Fi networks.
I need you to check the
neighbors' security cameras.
Looking for something
from five days ago.
They took her out the back door
down into the alley.
I got something. All right. I'm sending you
the footage now.
So Lang didn't take her.
I don't recognize
either one of these guys.
You say this is five days ago?
Yeah. so what are you thinking?
It was before
Lang killed the farmer.
Menassian.
Dobbs.
This whole thing got set off
when Cassie got kidnapped. right?
Something's not adding up.
This van belongs to
a local construction company.
- Send me an address?
- I'm already on it. dawg.
Just sent to you.
All right. so you think
these guys are with Lang?
Nah. I don't think so.
Keaton said
he likes to work alone.
Whoever these guys
are working for
are the same guys
that are trying to frame me.
Lang's not trying
to kill Cassie.
Someone else is.
Thanks.
Sure you weren't tailed?
You were right about Simms.
She thinks
you're behind all this.
And the two guys that kidnapped
Cassie. they triggered Lang.
So he goes on a killing spree.
I checked Cassie's record.
she's squeaky clean.
She worked
as a preschool teacher
collecting
her late husband's pension.
so nothing
out of the ordinary there.
Someone thought she was
important enough to kidnap.
Got to figure out who.
There you go.
Empty.
No one's here.
Look at this.
Someone was dragged this way.
All right.
One of the guys who took Cassie.
Doesn't look like
he's been dead long.
Someone tortured him.
You thinking Lang's handiwork?
I think
he's on the same trail we are.
If so. where's Cassie?
Where's the other guy?
Maybe the other guy took Cassie.
Lang finds this guy.
tortures him for information. then kills him.
Does he have ID?
- Son of a bitch.
- He was a cop. Dominic Mendoza.
- What's up. C?
- Need you to run a name for me.
"Dominic Mendoza."
The guy's a cop.
Need to see
if he used to work with Dobbs.
Yeah. give me a sec.
Mmm. Okay.
Yes. Dobbs and Mendoza
worked on the same Vice Task Force.
- Keaton?
- Uh. no. The task force was established
after Keaton
had already retired.
Who was their target?
Zhan Menassian.
Cassie's husband
on that task force?
Yeah. for two months.
Then he was killed in the line of duty.
- Any other names?
- Neil Barton...
Henry Easton and Willa Simms.
I knew it.
I told you I was getting
weird vibes from her.
Yeah. it says here she was transferred out
about seven years ago.
Thanks. Randy.
So the whole task force
is dirty.
They were getting kickbacks
from Menassian.
- They're the ones framing me.
- Lang's wiping them out one by one.
- Settling old scores.
- But why take you and Keaton out?
And why would the cops
on the take kidnap Cassie
and activate Lang
after all this time?
What if Lang's not the one who
was shooting at Keaton and me?
Those task force cops.
He's got something.
"Fireside Bar and Grill."
It's a sports bar
not far from here.
Okay. Well. if this guy was there.
maybe Lang was there too.
- Someone might have seen something.
- One way to find out.
This is the spot?
Yeah.
What's the play?
I mean.
you don't exactly blend in.
It's not worth the risk.
I'll go. You sit tight.
- No way.
- Hi. can I help you?
Hi. yeah. I need to speak
to your manager. It's urgent.
- You're not gonna believe this.
- What?
Lang works there as a line cook.
How the hell could that be?
He's been using an alias of Benny Sheridan.
Called in sick this week.
So he never disappeared.
He's been hiding in plain sight this whole time.
But get this. an article was published on
the restaurant two weeks ago.
Lang is in the background
of the photo.
So someone recognizes him.
Mendoza and the dirty cops
come here looking for him.
that's how this whole thing
got started.
But why kidnap Cassie?
Why not just go directly after Lang?
- What's she got to do with this?
- We're missing something.
Billie.
Damn it.
I gotta get you out of here.
Colter.
Go.
Step out of the car.
Hands in the air.
All units. suspect is heading away from
the Fireside Bar and Grill.
- He's on foot. Surround the perimeter.
- Copy that.
Hands behind your back.
Nice to see you too.
You are under arrest for aiding
and abetting a known fugitive.
Hope he was worth it.
Colter hasn't done
anything wrong.
We'll see.
Well. if he had nothing to hide.
he wouldn't have run.
Or maybe he was being set up.
He doesn't know who to trust.
Except you.
You were Vice. right?
Special task force investigating Menassian
and his cohorts.
Funny how the team
never produced an indictment.
No arrests.
not even a low-level bust.
Menassian was careful.
No one's that careful.
He was being tipped.
Are you accusing me
of something. Matalon?
I don't think it's a coincidence
that so many people
associated with that task force
are ending up dead or kidnapped.
- Kidnapped?
- Jack Lindstrom's wife.
You don't know. do you?
Your old friends from Vice
abducted her.
Hey. hey. hey.
- What's happening. man?
- Back in the office?
Yeah. picked up some new gear.
- Just got back.
- Did you find anything?
Yeah. Lang was operating
under an alias. Benny Sheridan.
I need you to see if he has
properties under that name.
I got nothing.
No home. no rental. nothing.
What about an RV? Maybe a trailer?
Something he could get away in.
One sec.
Okay. on it. Here we go.
All right. he's got a trailer.
Where does he keep it?
Right outside of town.
RV park. Lot 97.
All right. On my way there now.
- Thanks. Randy.
- Good job.
Betty?
Hello. Henry.
It's gonna be okay.
You're in no position
to make promises.
- Where's Cassie?
- I don't know.
Who-Who's Cassie?
Your husband and his friends
figured out where I worked.
and they showed up
trying to kill me.
Worried I knew too much
about their kickbacks from drug dealers.
So they kidnapped Cassie.
an easier target.
trying to draw me out.
Anything I left out?
Please. my wife had
nothing to do with this.
But she knew.
House like this
on a policeman's salary alone.
Must've made a small fortune
off the Menassians.
You didn't seem to mind too much
when you were the one getting paid.
Unlike you. I have limits.
I'll eliminate marks for a price
as long as they're in the game.
Your husband and his friends
knew this.
so when Jack Lindstrom started asking questions.
they told me a story.
They said he double-crossed the boss.
but they lied.
He wasn't dirty.
They had me kill an innocent.
make his wife a widow.
Don't do this.
Cassie was supposed
to be off-limits.
- She's an innocent too.
- You made her part of it.
Where is she?
I don't know.
It's interesting. because
your friend Mendoza told me
that you took Cassie somewhere
while he dealt with the van.
No. No. I didn't know anything!
Neither did Cassie.
We'll start with the pinky.
work from there.
- No. No. No. please.
- Last chance. Henry.
Okay!
I'll tell you where she is.
- Hey. Colter?
- Cassie and Lang are a couple.
Wait. what?
That explains his behavior.
right?
Okay. so he killed her husband
so he could be with her?
I don't know.
And I think the dirty cops found out.
and they're using her as leverage.
I got a box of files here that
Lang took from that lake house.
Some ledger.
Looks like that accountant
was entering everything analog.
A bunch of deposits here.
all cash.
that come from shell companies.
the Menassian.
Any names?
Yeah.
- Thanks for meeting me.
- Yeah.
It's an awfully
discreet location.
I wanted to talk.
just me and you.
Did you get anything
from Matalon?
She said some things.
Well. hope it's about
where to find Shaw.
No. uh...
About how the. uh.
task force you created
was taking kickbacks
from Menassian.
- You believe her?
- I don't know.
You were on the task force.
Simms.
And I was moved off when
I started asking questions. remember?
Because you were a rookie.
and I didn't think
it was a good fit for you.
Cassie Lindstrom was abducted.
Her husband was on that same task force.
brought in after I left.
And he was killed.
Detective.
If I was you...
I'd be very careful.
That's why I came to you first.
to give you a chance to explain.
Don't move.
- You got some balls showing up here.
- Yeah. maybe you're right.
You're gonna take me to Cassie.
I don't know what the hell
you're talking about.
Oh. I think you do. This all you got?
You got anything else?
- No.
- Let's go.
Drive.
Come on.
Open it.
You don't know
what you walked into.
Neither did I.
You thought Lang was dead
or maybe gone forever.
You saw that article. and you started
to panic that your secrets would come out.
You underestimated what he would do
to protect Cassie.
Well. the man murdered her husband
and started sleeping with her.
Don't-Don't paint him
like some hero.
You're both standing
in the same mud.
It's okay. You're okay.
I'm here to help you.
Go uncuff her. Go on.
Can you stand? You okay?
Can you walk?
Come towards me.
Burton. shoot him!
I'll break her neck.
you hear me? Back up!
Benny. what's going on?
That's not my name.
I lied to you.
But I-I don't understand.
You're gonna hear a lot of awful things
about me. It's all true.
I just need you to know that everything
I felt for you was real.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
Reenie got you all sorted out?
Yeah. Record's clear.
At least as clear as it was.
The FBI has everything
they need to clean up.
Simms?
Mmm.
She didn't make it.
She was trying
to make this all right.
Yeah. it won't bring her back.
No. it won't.
How is he?
You know. he's...
he's got a long road
ahead of him...
if he pulls through.
He'll pull through.
How are you?
Better now.
Thanks for coming.
I couldn't have done this
without you.
I'll put it on your tab.
You know. I'm gonna have to start chipping away
at that thing. aren't I?
Yeah? What do you have in mind?
There's a...
There's a place nearby.
solid four on Yelp.
They've got beer.
Hell. I'll take a four.